Welcome to my game project called path finder!

This is a horror themed maze game where you cursor is not supposed to touch the black background othewhise you lose. Well you dont actually lose u have infinite tries but u have to start over in teh start box if you cheat of course. In total there are 3 playeble levels starting from level one being the blue level also know easiest level in the game FOR NOW. Then we have the yellow level which is better known as level 2 this one is still easy but its harder and prepares you for the final and last level which features a jumpscare.

Im obviously not the first person to do this i got the idea of the project from when i was a kid 8 ish years ago when the horror maze game was popular many people used to prank others with it and play it to upload to their channel for content. I have been working on this proect on and off 4-5 months and thats only beacuse i forgot about the project after i wasnt able to fix the jumpscare so i said "ill just finish this later" and later ended up beinbg some months after so basically the only thing that was left was a jumpscare and a winning page.

I really enjoyed making this projecy and it made me understand dom manipulation better practising loading screens which i have never done before and making cool sutff like the jumpscare which is the best feature of the website (in my opinion) and the only reason i started the project was beacuse i was trying to troll other or make something memorable from my childhood. Another reason i made this project was beacuse i am practising my js and the ability to use html, css and javascirpt together but im mainly strenghtening my javascript and css little by little.

There are sone stuff i would love to add but i will move on for now unless someone really want me to add it and i will try my best despite not being that good in javascript. Some things i was alread planning to add before i decided to publish it was a score tracker with a feedback at the end so if you didnt fail once it would say "outstanding perfomance" and i also didnt add anything in the settings. Some other stuff i wanted to add is more levels, easter eggs, different themes so after 5 levels it goes from horror to light or candy and yes i was planning on adding that many levels so that tehre was a variety of themes, In total i wanted to add maybe around 30 levels so that it can be a actay game sorta like candy crush iwht a lot of levels that you can just play and enjoy whil not getting boreed so making each level speaciell coudl have filled that field but despite all those ideas i choose to move on and let this project remain as my best first solo game project. 

